# Game instructions (en,cs)
Ver. 27022018
Name of game: GoSumSix

EN:
1. Each character is either a player or an AI.
2. Each character gets a randomly assigned number (from 1 to 6) at the
beginning of the game (or after died), the player throws a (virtual) dice.
3. Friendly characters join groups. Each group has at least one character and
only one leader.
4. The group moves as a whole. Each group has the same constant speed.
5. The group in which the player’s character is the leader moves along the
map (there are several different paths between the start and goal of the
level) and may encounter other groups.
6. Each step that the whole group moves is immediately added to the number
in modulo 6 for each group. Step right/up means plus one, step left/down means
minus one.
7. If the player’s group is friends with another group, they join him in the
group.
8. Groups are only be friended if their all numbers match.
9. Groups that meet and not friended, fight.
10. The fight wins the group whose sum of all numbers in modulo 6 is higher. If
the sums are equal, the fight ends indecisively and the two groups coexist.
If the totals are equal, the fight ends indecisively and the two groups
coexist.
11. The leader of the defeated group is killed (separates from their group and
starts again on its own and without numbers, at a random location of the
map).
12. A defeated group without a leader joins the winning group.
13. For a successful procedure (level completion) you must have at least one
bearer in your group from each number.
Note: 0 is displayed as 6.


CS:
1. Každá postava je buď hráč nebo UI.
2. Každá postava dostane na začátku hry (či po své smrti) náhodně přiřazené
číslo (od 1 do 6), hráč si hodí (virtuální) kostkou.
3. Spřátelené postavy se spojují do skupin. Každá skupina má alespoň jednu
postavu a právě jednoho vedoucího.
4. Skupina se pohybuje jako celek. Každá skupina má stejnou konstantní
rychlost.
5. Skupina, v níž je hráčova postava vedoucí, se pohybuje po mapě (mezi
startem a cílem levelu existuje více různě dlouhých cest) a může potkávat
jiné skupiny.
6. Každý krok o jaký se celá skupina pohne se okamžitě přičte k číslu
v modulu 6 každému ve skupině. Krok vpravo/nahoru znamená přičtení jedničky,
krok vlevo/dolu znamená odečtení jedničky.
7. Pokud se hráčova skupina spřátelí s jinou skupinou, připojí se k němu do
skupiny.
8. Skupiny se spřátelí jen tehdy, pokud se jejich čísla vzájemně shodují.
9. Skupiny, které se potkají a nespřátelí, bojují.
10. Boj vyhrává ta skupina, jejíž součet čísel modulo 6 je vyšší. Pokud jsou
součty rovny, boj skončí nerozhodně a obě skupiny koexistují.
11. Vedoucí poražené skupiny je zabit (oddělí se od své skupiny a začíná znovu
sám a bez čísla, na náhodném místě mapy).
12. Poražená skupina bez velitele se připojí k vítězné skupině.
13. Ke zdárnému postupu (dokončení levelu) je nutné mít ve své skupině od
každého čísla alespoň jednoho nositele.
Pozn.: 0 se zobrazuje jako 6.
